add docs for AdminEntity class (#94)
williamdclt/nestjs-admin: docs/admin-entity.md

## Registering entities on the admin site

There are two ways you can register an entity on the admin site.

#### 1. Registering entities directly

```typescript
// user.module.ts
import { DefaultAdminSite } from 'nestjs-admin'
import { User } from './user.entity'

@Module({...})
export class UserModule {
  constructor(private readonly adminSite: DefaultAdminSite) {
    adminSite.register('User', User)
    ...
  }
}
```

#### 2. Registering entities using the `AdminEntity` class

```typescript
// user.admin.ts
import { AdminEntity, DefaultAdminSite } from 'nestjs-admin'

> import { UserAdmin } from './user.admin'

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

import { User } from './user.entity'

export class UserAdmin extends AdminEntity {

>   entity = User

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  entity = User
  // Some configuration will go there
```

}

// user.module.ts
@Module({...})
export class UserModule {
  constructor(private readonly adminSite: DefaultAdminSite) {
    adminSite.register('User', UserAdmin)
    ...
  }
}
```

## AdminEntity options

All options are defined on the AdminEntity class:

```typescript
// user.admin.ts
import { AdminEntity } from 'nestjs-admin'
import { User } from './user.entity'

export class UserAdmin extends AdminEntity {
  entity = User
  listDisplay = ['firstname', 'lastname']
}
```

#### AdminEntity.listDisplay

Set `listDisplay` to control which entity fields are displayed on the list page of the admin, for example:

```typescript
listDisplay = ['firstname', 'lastname']
```

> - If you don't set `listDisplay` the list page with show a single column containing the primary key of the entity, or the `toString()` representation of the entity if defined.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If you don't set `listDisplay`, the list page will display a single column containing the primary key of the entity, or the `toString()` representation of the entity if defined.
```

> ## AdminEntity class

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Registering entities in the admin site
```

> You can register entities with options using the `AdminEntity` class

Reviewer: Make it clear from the start that there's 2 ways of registering an entity: registering the entity itself (uses all defaults) or an AdminEntity (allows configuration). Then have sections for each of these 2

> The simpliest example of registering an `AdminEntity` class to for a `User` entity looks like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The simplest example of registering an `AdminEntity` class to for a `User` entity looks like this:
```

```typescript
// user.admin.ts
import { AdminEntity, DefaultAdminSite } from 'nestjs-admin'

> import { UserAdmin } from './user.admin'

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

import { User } from './user.entity'

export class UserAdmin extends AdminEntity {
  entity = User
}

@Module({...})
export class UserModule {
  constructor(private readonly adminSite: DefaultAdminSite) {
    adminSite.register('User', UserAdmin)
    ...
  }
}

```

> This will behave the same as:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A this point, without any configuration in the UserAdmin, it will behave the same as registering the User entity directly (`adminSite.register('User', User)`)
```

Reviewer: Then you can ditch the snippet below

```typescript
// user.module.ts
import { DefaultAdminSite } from 'nestjs-admin'
import { User } from './user.entity'

@Module({...})
export class UserModule {
  constructor(private readonly adminSite: DefaultAdminSite) {
    adminSite.register('User', User)
    ...
  }
}

```

## AdminEntity options

All options are defined on the AdminEntity class:

```typescript
// user.admin.ts
import { AdminEntity } from 'nestjs-admin'
import { User } from './user.entity'

export class UserAdmin extends AdminEntity {
  entity = User
  listDisplay = ['firstname', 'lastname']
}
```

#### AdminEntity.listDisplay

Set `listDisplay` to control which entity fields are displayed on the list page of the admin, for example:

```typescript
listDisplay = ['firstname', 'lastname']
```

> - If you don't set `listDisplay` the list page with show a single column containing the `toString()` representation of the entity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If you don't set `listDisplay` the list page with show a single column containing the primary key of the entity, or the `toString()` representation of the entity if defined.
```

> - `listDisplay` values cannot refer to `ManyToOne` or `ManyToMany` fields entity fields

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `listDisplay` values cannot refer to `ManyToOne`, `OneToMany` or `ManyToMany` fields
```

## Registering entities on the admin site

> There are two ways you can register an entity and display it in a section on the admin site using `DefaultAdminSite.register`.

Reviewer: A bit terse?

```suggestion
There are two ways you can display an entity on the admin site, using `DefaultAdminSite.register`.
```

In both cases, the first parameter defines the name of the section on the admin site where the entity is registered.

#### 1. Registering entities directly

Registering an entity directly will use the default [configuration options](#adminentity-options), and is good enough for most cases.

```typescript
// user.module.ts
import { DefaultAdminSite } from 'nestjs-admin'
import { User } from './user.entity'
import { Group } from './group.entity'

@Module({...})
export class UserModule {
  constructor(private readonly adminSite: DefaultAdminSite) {
    adminSite.register('User', User)
    adminSite.register('User', Group)
    ...
  }
}
```

#### 2. Registering entities using the `AdminEntity` class

> If you want to add some [configuration options](#adminentity-options), you will need to extend the `AdminEntity` abstract class.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to add some [configuration options](#adminentity-options), you will need to extend the `AdminEntity` class.
```

The only required property is `entity` which needs to be [typeorm entity](https://github.com/typeorm/typeorm/blob/master/docs/entities.md) class.

```typescript
// user.admin.ts
import { AdminEntity, DefaultAdminSite } from 'nestjs-admin'
import { User } from './user.entity'
import { Group } from './group.entity'

export class UserAdmin extends AdminEntity {
  entity = User
  // Configuration options go here
}

// user.module.ts
@Module({...})
export class UserModule {
  constructor(private readonly adminSite: DefaultAdminSite) {
    adminSite.register('User', UserAdmin)
    adminSite.register('User', Group)
    ...
  }
}
```

## AdminEntity options

All options are defined on the AdminEntity class:

```typescript
// user.admin.ts
import { AdminEntity } from 'nestjs-admin'
import { User } from './user.entity'

export class UserAdmin extends AdminEntity {
  entity = User
  listDisplay = ['firstname', 'lastname']
}
```

#### AdminEntity.listDisplay

> Set `listDisplay` to control which entity fields are displayed on the list page of the admin, for example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Configures which fields of the entity will be displayed on the list page.
```
